---
layout: "../../../layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro"
title: Our Charter
---

# Association Charter

Backbeat is an association dedicated to the promotion and celebration of
Afro-American dances from the swing era. As such, Backbeat and its members
commit to approaching swing dances with curiosity, love, and respect; and to
not only be interested in the dances and music of the swing era, but also in
the social context of their birth, particularly the social and racial issues
that are inseparable from their history.

Backbeat considers this approach necessary to avoid the stigmatization,
exclusion, or lack of respect that inevitably result from the frivolous use
of historical references and models, and from using cultural elements
without seeking to understand the meaning they had in the context in which
they appeared. Backbeat also believes that this approach allows for a richer
and deeper practice of Afro-American dances from the swing era, which are
then transmitted as meaningful traditions and community creators, rather
than simple couple dance techniques that can be reduced to formulas.

More generally, Backbeat is an egalitarian, and therefore feminist,
association that does not tolerate any form of racism, classism, homophobia,
transphobia, ableism, and other forms of discrimination, whether explicit or
implicit.

In this spirit, Backbeat and its members commit to showing good manners and
being respectful towards all individuals participating in the activities
organized by the association. Aware of the mistakes that will inevitably be
made, Backbeat and its members commit to acknowledging these mistakes and
trying to learn from them, despite doubts (or in doubts), with seriousness,
but also with curiosity and enthusiasm.
