---
title: Fall Semester 2024
fromDate: 2024-02-28T00:00:00.000Z
toDate: 2024-06-16T00:00:00.000Z
place: src/content/places/ecole-des-grottes.json
bannerSrc: /uploads/courses/2024-02-banner.png
frontColor: "#8C52FF"
registrationUrl: >-
  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSeq3jkz7hw_Ey8DlBUjdetdjdOtVirkWL-NCt90m-YnKDdKow/viewform?hl=en
published: true
---

This semester we offer you two great courses!

## Courses

### Solo Jazz

This semester, we are excited to offer you an introduction to Solo Jazz course (from February 28th to March 27th)! Solo Jazz is an African-American dance that allows you to explore solo movement and share with the group. Come and discover the fundamentals of this dance with Magali: the relationship to swing music, rhythm, basic movements that will allow you to have fun and develop your style! All while dancing!

### Lindy Hop

A beginner-intermediate course in ELEF mode (everybody leads, everybody follows), led by a team motivated by the exploration of this modality.

The course is designed for people who have already taken at least 6 months of ELEF courses OR at least 1 year of courses in a single role and have the basics to dance the following figures in both roles:

- Charleston: hand-to-hand, tandem entry ("chase")
- Lindy Hop 6 counts: send out, change position, tuck turn
- Lindy Hop 8 counts: circle, swing out

## Schedule

All classes take place on Wednesdays:

- Solo Jazz: 18:45 - 19:45
- Lindy Hop Beginner-Intermediate: 20:00 - 21:15

## Pricing

- Solo Jazz: 60.-
- Lindy Hop Beginner-Intermediate: 240.- / 160.- for
  students (except PhD), unemployed, AVS

If you think you should be entitled to a discount, but you are neither a student nor unemployed, feel free to email us to discuss it.

## Place

**École des Grottes**<br>
Rue Jean-Robert-Chouet<br>
1202 Genève

‼️ Even though the official address of École des Grottes is on Avenue Eugène-Empeyta, the classroom is more easily accessed from rue Jean-Robert Chouet.
