---
published: true
title: Advanced Solo Course/Training 2025-2026
fromDate: 2025-09-03T00:00:00.000Z
toDate: 2026-06-24T00:00:00.000Z
bannerSrc: /uploads/courses/2025-2026-solo.png
frontColor: '#8c52ff'
placeList:
  - place: src/content/places/ecole-des-grottes.json
---

The **Backbeat association** is launching a new concept!!!

*New concept means long descriptions! We recommend taking the time to read the description to get all the information ;)*

The goal of this project is to offer an advanced solo course in our Geneva scene and strengthen a community spirit.
  
## Description

Backbeat offers you a hybrid concept that includes an **advanced solo jazz course and dances from the jazz continuum** (house and Mozambique dance), **as well as training sessions**. This will consist of:

- The first Wednesday of each month: a class given by a guest teacher from Geneva or the Franco-Swiss region, whose teaching we particularly appreciate for the supportive environment we found there during classes, the values they promote, the pedagogy and technical qualities.
- The following three Wednesdays: a training session in which the *material covered with this teacher* will be worked on in a guided and co-constructed manner between the course participants, the *classic historical routines* of swing dances, and *jams* will be practised (for those who wish to participate).

This course is aimed at people who already have solo jazz basics and wish to challenge themselves.

The Backbeat association is committed to creating an inclusive atmosphere in this course, a place where everyone feels safe and confident. No form of discrimination will be tolerated, whether it be racism, classism, sexism, homophobia, transphobia, ableism and other discriminations, whether explicit or implicit. In the event that discriminatory acts are perpetrated, the association reserves the right to exclude the person with immediate effect and without refund.

## Dates and times

Sessions will take place from Wednesday, September 3, 2025 to June 24, 2026 at the École des Grottes.

### Class times [first Wednesday of each month]:

- Wednesday, September 3: **19:15**-20:45 (this class will last 1h30 and start at 19:15)
- Wednesday, October 1: 19:30-21:00 (this class will last 1h30)
- Wednesday, November 5: 19:30-21:00 (this class will last 1h30)
- Wednesday, December 3: 19:30-20:45
- Wednesday, January 7: 19:30-20:45
- Wednesday, February 4: 19:30-**21:30** (this class will last 2h)
- Wednesday, March 4, April 1, May 6 and June 3: 19:30-20:45

### Training times [other Wednesdays]

- : 19:30-22:00

Sessions will take place every week, **except during school holidays**:

- The week of October 20-24,
- The weeks of December 22 to January 2,
- The week of February 23-27,
- The week of April 13-17.

**Price:** 400.- (full price)* / 300.- (reduced price)**

(*) The full price, the highest, is designed for people who work in Switzerland and have an economic situation roughly in the national average (as an approximate indicator: a gross monthly salary above 4500 CHF. Other factors are obviously to be taken into account – family resources, assets, etc., we leave you to judge the details). It is also designed for those who work outside Switzerland and have a good economic situation (approx.: gross salary above 3000 euros per month).

(**) The reduced price, the lowest, is designed for people who work outside Switzerland, and for those who, while working in Switzerland, have low incomes.

## INFO

Registration is **annual**.

The price is designed to cover the 10 classes given by guest teachers and room rental, which is why we do not offer a price for people who do not wish to participate in training sessions.

If you have any questions, do not hesitate to write to us at [info.backbeat@gmail.com](mailto:info.backbeat@gmail.com)
