---
published: false
title: Viktor & Vassiliki
fromDate: 2025-04-05T00:00:00.000Z
toDate: 2025-04-06T00:00:00.000Z
imageSrc: /uploads/workshops/2025-04.png
frontColor: '#f9a787'
registrationUrl: >-
  https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdw_WrFFKZy3v74O2rD0YDiIMssz1b_wHKalcEdY1iPTiZQPQ/viewform?hl=en
---

Here is the detailed schedule for the April 5-6 workshop with our guest teachers: Viktor and Vassiliki.

## The Program

Classes will take place at Institut Jaques Dalcroze as usual. There will be three levels of lindy hop (beginner/intermediate; intermediate; advanced), two levels of solo jazz classes, and also an R&B/Soul line dances class with Viktor! 🔥

There won't be any lindy hop initiation/beginner level during this workshop and the level descriptions have slightly changed, so please read them carefully before registering 🤓. You can choose either the full pass including 3h of Lindy Hop and 3h of solo jazz, or just a solo jazz pass.

### The Party 🪩

The social dance party will take place at the Pickwick from 9:00 PM to 11:30 PM!! We'll have the pleasure of having Viktor as guest DJ at the decks for part of the evening (with probably some R&B/Line dances moments so don't miss it!).

The party will be preceded by a discussion about swing jazz music and its history 🎺 from 9:00 PM to 9:30 PM, to learn more about the music we love dancing to so much!! Don't miss it 🎶

## The Levels

Lindy Hop - 3 levels: Please read the level descriptions carefully as they have changed. To ensure everyone is comfortable in class in terms of learning, please choose the level that matches your experience according to the following descriptions :)

- **Beginner/Intermediate**: You've been dancing for 1-2 years. Open to everyone who is comfortable with swing out, circle, and basic 6-count vocabulary. Content will be adapted to all levels!
- **Intermediate/Advanced**: You've been dancing for 2-4 years and practice regularly. You have several years of Lindy Hop experience and regularly attend socials. You're comfortable with syncopated rhythms (triple steps) and kicks. You want to approach dance from a different angle and aren't afraid to tackle multiple new contents in one class (new rhythms, vocabulary, concepts...).
- **Advanced**: You've been dancing for more than 4 years, practice regularly, and attend workshops. You're very comfortable with syncopated rhythms and kicks, you also have good Solo foundations and as indicated: you want a dose of challenge for this workshop!

Solo - 2 levels:

- **Relax**: Open to people who want a relaxed learning pace.
- **Challenge**: You want a dose of challenge and aren't afraid to participate in jams or learn new complex combos!

## The Formula

- Full pass for Lindy hop beginner/intermediate levels (Lindy Hop classes taught by Backbeat and solo jazz by guest teachers):
  - 3h of Lindy hop, 3h of solo jazz/line dancing (soul / R&B)
  - Full price: CHF 100
  - Reduced price: CHF 70
- Full pass for Lindy hop intermediate and advanced levels (all classes taught by guest teachers):
  - 3h of Lindy hop, 3h of solo jazz/line dancing (soul / R&B)
  - Full price: CHF 120
  - Reduced price: CHF 90
- Solo pass (all classes taught by guest teachers): 3h of solo jazz/line dancing (soul / R&B):
  - Full price: CHF 55
  - Reduced price: CHF 45

If you're registering as a couple, we would really appreciate if you could fill out one form per person. It makes our task so much easier... Thank you very much :)

## Location

Classes will take place at Institut Jaques Dalcroze. Rue de la Terrassière, 44. Geneva.

**Important**: It is mandatory to wear shoes with white soles that haven't been used outdoors to preserve the classroom floors. Thank you in advance.

### Cancellation - Refund

If you cancel your participation in a workshop, we will not refund the registration fee. However, we may be able to give you a voucher of equivalent value for other activities we organize.

If we cancel a workshop, we will refund you.
